welcome to cinema recaps
today we'll take a look at 2018 sci-fi
action film called ready player one
enjoy columbus ohio 2045
we open in a place called the stacks as
it is made up of a number of trailers
structured on top of one another
wade watts is an orphan who lives with
his aunt alice and her abusive boyfriend
rick
like the rest of the world wade escapes
his reality by entering the oasis
ontologically anthropocentric sensory
immersive simulation
a virtual reality world where people can
enter zaviters to play video games
entertain themselves and seek pleasures
they can't find so easily in the real
world
one can come across characters like
batman freddy krueger
and even hello kitty it becomes so
intense due to the fact that whatever is
earned in the oasis can be taken away
if the avatar dies avatar is partial
and he frequently interacts with edge a
huge muscular mechanic
as well as the samurai dido and fighter
show although he has never met either of
them in person
the oasis was created by james halliday
and ogden morrow who both founded
gregarious games before developing the
oasis
halliday passed away five years earlier
but not before leaving fans with the
ultimate challenge
in his final video halliday informed
everyone that he has hidden an easter
egg deep within the game
that will be unlocked after three
challenges have been completed
the one who finds the egg will inherit
holiday stock in gregarious games
which is roughly half a trillion dollars
and total control over the oasis
the winners will be greeted by holidays
avatar anorak
and all-knowing wizard wade explains
that people have been trying for years
to find the egg
they're called egg hunters or gunters
but to no avail
a company called ioi innovative online
industries
has rounded up a number of players with
debts to pay called sixers to head in
and find the egg in their loyalty
centers to pay off debts
the first challenge was unlocked long
ago which is a race into central park
weight enters is parseval and uses the
delorean as his car
the sixers all arrive as a team the race
begins
and edge mows down a lot of sixers
wade races ahead of the pack until the
track is attacked by king kong
wade almost makes it to the finish line
until he realizes nobody can make it
across without kong destroying them
he spots well-known player art 3 miss
about to make it across
but he stops her just as kong catches
her motorcycle and destroys it
edge invites wade and a rt3 missed to
his garage
so that he can fix the motorcycle he is
currently building an iron giant
edge is also able to detect that wade
likes a rt3 missed due to her reputation
in the game as well as her avatar being
attractive
after edge fixes the motorcycle art 3
miss leaves
and wade must leave when he hears his
aunt calling
wade returns to his home where rick
tries to attack him over a matter in the
game since wade took
alice's gloves for the game rick had
also apparently spent much of their
personal money in the game
alice threatens to kick weight out if he
touches her stuff again
at ioi ceo nolan sorrento is planning to
create some kind of bug in the game
that would span the players lenses with
pop-ups and force them to pay to remove
them
sorrento is also desperate to find the
egg and secure the massive fortune
back in the oasis wade visits the
holiday journals which is a recollection
of holiday's memories
wade speaks to the robot host the
curator
who guides way to a much-viewed memory
it is after a launch party where
halliday and morrow are discussing their
futures in the industry
with moro choosing to leave gregarious
games
wade listens to a quote from holiday
about going backwards
which wade realizes is a clue to beating
the first challenge
wade returns to the race but as everyone
goes ahead he moves backwards
and rides through an underground tunnel
that allows him to completely avoid kong
he is able to cross the finish line and
make it to central park
where he is greeted by anorak who
presents him with the copper key
as well as a clue to the next challenge
parzival becomes the highest scoring
player in the game
and it gets sorrento's attention
sorrento enters the oasis using his
avatar
he meets with a bounty hunter called
ir0k
and hires him to find out who parsival
is
ir0k presents sorrento with a powerful
item called the orb of ossibox
wade goes shopping in the oasis and gets
a few items
including a special suit that allows him
to feel what goes on in the game
as parzival he becomes something of a
celebrity
he helps ar t3 miss and edge finish the
race challenge
and they are followed by dido and show
the next clue involves a creator who
hates his own creation and the leap not
taken
wade later joins a rt3 miss in returning
to the holiday journals using a disguise
to make him look like clark kent they
are taken by the curator to revisit a
memory of holidays where they learn
that sorrento started out as his intern
halliday and mauro are talking about a
date
that holiday went on with someone named
kira which is just her game handle
as her real name is karen underwood the
woman who would later become moro's wife
wade and art3 misbelieve that she split
holiday and moro's partnership
wait also notes that none of halliday's
other memories have any mention of kira
and even makes a bet with the curator to
prove it after seeing that this is the
only memory mentioning kira or karen
underwood the curator gives way to
quarter as a reward
a rt3 miss then invites wade to join her
at a club
wade goes to the club called the
distracted globe to meet with art 3 miss
they dance together and wade finds
himself falling for her
he suggests that they tell each other
their real names even though that's not
recommended in the oasis
after wade tells a rt3 miss his name he
is overheard by ir 0k
who reports this information to sorrento
moments later
a team of sixers break into the club to
attack wade and art three miss
he uses a semicolous cube to turn time
back to a minute earlier
allowing them to escape however
art 3 misses angry at wade for nearly
getting them in trouble
as her father died after being forced to
work in a loyalty center under ioi
sorrento sends a message to wade to
offer him 50 million dollars
if he joins ioi and helps find the egg
as he is being projected into sorrento's
office in ioi
wade notices the password to sorrento's
regritten on it
wait outright refuses to join sorrento
at which point he reveals he knows who
wade is
and where he lives sorrento uses his
assistant
nail sander to send drones to the stacks
wade rushes to warn alice and tries to
call her
but rick answers after stealing his suit
and tells him not to call again
the drones then destroy the stack with
wade's trailer in it killing alice and
rick and sending the tower tumbling down
wade runs to his oasis trailer to warn
his friends but he is taken captive by a
man with a face tattoo
wade wakes up and comes face to face
with samantha who is the person behind a
rt3 miss
she and a few others have gathered a
small rebellion in an area not far from
the stacks and ioi
wade in samantha talk and almost kiss
until samantha realizes this is what the
clue to the next challenge is
the leap not taken refers to halliday's
regret of not kissing kira when he had
the chance on the one day they went
on wade and samantha gather etch dido
and shows they realized the next
challenge is a movie which is where
holiday took kira on their date
they figure out that the movie they saw
is the shining in reference to a creator
who hates his own creation since stephen
king hated the movie version of his book
the curator brings them to a virtual
simulation of the overlook hotel
since cech has never seen the shining he
ends up encountering the twins
opening the elevator of blood and
running into the creepy woman in the
bathtub
before having to outrun jack torrance
and his axe
meanwhile samantha is able to find kira
dancing with sami's
she makes her way over to kira winning
the challenge and being presented with
the jade key
thus a rt3 miss becomes the highest
score in oasis
and sorrento discovers wade is alive
when he sees the parzival is now the
second highest scorer
the sixers themselves have less luck in
getting through the shining
nail uses a drone to detect the tattoo
face guy and find the rebellion's
hideout
samantha is taken while wade gets out
with the help of edge
dido and show whom he discovers our
woman named helen
and brothers to shiro and shoto they get
away in natchez van and head to rescue
samantha and stop sorrento
as the final challenge is in castle
anorak on planet doom
sorrento activates to orb of ossebach to
create a force field around the castle
to prevent other avatars from trying to
get in
he has samantha thrown into a loyalty
center to work
betch manages to hack into sorrento's
rig so that way indito can intimidate
him
and make him think they have made it
into ioi by projecting the office into
his view
wait helps samantha free herself from
her chamber so that she can get out and
make it to the war room
where sixers are trying to beat the next
challenge which they figure
is part of a collection of atari games
sends a message to all oasis players to
tell them of what ioi is doing
and asks that they join him on planet
doom to fight back
an army of thousands of avatars arrive
to join the battle
edge activates the iron giant to bring
into the fight
characters like harley quinn a halo team
and even the ninja turtles arrive as
well
they attack the force field and sorrento
uses mechagodzilla to attack
dido returns in the form of a gundam
mecca to fight
they even use chucky the killer doll
against the sixers
the iron giant the gundam and art-3 miss
all joined forces
to take down sorrento and mechagodzilla
to allow wade to proceed he must
sacrifice a rt3 miss in order for
samantha to be undetected by sorrento
wade finds a sixer who is playing
adventure which is the game
that contains the final key the sixer
comes closer to winning until he falls
beneath
the ice before wade can make his attempt
sorrento returns and fights him as a
last resort
sorrento takes out a cataclys bomb to
wipe out every avatar within range
including ir0k and himself
however the quarter that the curator
gave weight turns out to be an extra
life token
allowing wade to stay inside the oasis
everyone is now watching him try to
finish the challenge
wade figures out that the player is not
supposed to win the game
but find the easter egg with an
adventure and thereby unlocking the
crystal key
since he is still in edge's van and they
are now being pursued by sorrento and
his goons
wade struggles to use all the keys to
unlock the vault but he succeeds
and finds the chamber with the easter
egg he is greeted by anorak
who presents parzival with a contract to
take over the oasis but wade realizes
this is a test reminiscent
of when halliday made morro sign over
his shares of gregarious games which
halliday regretted
the chamber then disappears to reveal
the real holiday in his own childhood
room
he presents wade with the red button
that can shut the oasis down for good if
he chooses to
wait almost hits it when sorrento's van
bumps into him
halliday tells wade that he ultimately
realized that while escapism is fun
the real world is more important betch
drives the van to the stacks
where a group of people attempt to
confront sorrento
he finds their van but the police arrive
first
they have seen a video that etch
uploaded of sorrento confessing to his
crimes
he and fnail are then arrested the team
is then approached by agun moro
who calls himself og he reveals to wade
that he was the curator as well
with a team of lawyers ogg helps wade
secure control of the oasis
but he wants to share control with his
friends which ag agrees with
wade's final narration states that with
him and his friends in control of oasis
they forced ioi to remove all their
loyalty centers
they have also decided to shut down the
oasis on tuesdays and thursdays
so that people may go out and enjoy the
real world
we then see wade and samantha have moved
into a new apartment
a place he is finally happy to call home
thank you for watching for more videos
like this please like
comment subscribe till the next time
peace